Hey, don't say it yet
Miss Lin doesn't care about dressing up
Or eye temperament
It's exactly the same as the last time we saw it
Scene? Didn't you notice that?
Dad is married, it is inevitable that some changes will occur
It can't be like a different person
I'd say be careful
Don't let some fake
He stole all the money we sent home
Sure enough, everything goes to the Three Treasures Hall
The fox's tail can't be hidden anymore
If you can't speak
Just shut your mouth
If nothing happens
No delivery.
Hey, sister-in-law, wait a minute.
Sister-in-law don't be angry
Are we all family?
It's inevitable that sometimes you speak bluntly
To answer no to my sister-in-law
Our Song family specially prepared two big gifts
Or help my sister-in-law accept it.